refactor!: prepare API to use multiple formats such as OSV (#285)
NodeSecure/vulnera: docs/formats/standard.md

# Standard vulnerability format

> We provide an high level format that work for all available strategy. It can be activated with the option `useFormat` equal `Standard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a high-level format that works for all available strategies. It can be activated with the option `useFormat` equal `Standard`.
```
